STARK Trademark Permissions

Copyright Â© 2024 Matthew Rothlisberger

Matthew Rothlisberger is the exclusive copyright owner and licensor of
STARK and all associated trade names, trademarks, and service marks.

These include the STARK name, the Sail name, the STARK logo composed
of 17 quadrilaterals, and the triangle mark composed of 3
parallelograms.


You are granted permission to use STARK names to truthfully refer to
STARK and Sail in speech or writing. You are also permitted to use
STARK logos to truthfully refer to STARK and Sail in visual media.

If you do, you must not suggest that you are affiliated with the STARK
project. It is recommended to include a trademark attribution notice.

Ensure that any STARK logo is visually distinct from the rest of your
document, and is clearly a reference, not a mark of affiliation.


You may also truthfully explain that your code is written in Sail,
that your software is an extension for the STARK system, that your
software is compatible with STARK, or that your product was designed
using STARK.

If you do, you must include a statement that you and your project are
not officially associated with the STARK project.


All other uses of STARK names and trademarks require the prior written
permission of Matthew Rothlisberger.

You must not modify the STARK names or marks, use them in your names,
combine them with other symbols or words, incorporate them into a
tagline or slogan, or use confusingly similar names or marks.

You must not use STARK names or marks on any product for sale, use
them commercially except when limited to a truthful and descriptive
reference, or use them to promote any unrelated software or product.

You must not display STARK trademarks more prominently than your own
marks, or incorrectly imply affiliation with the STARK project.


The STARK name should be written using all uppercase
characters. All-lowercase (as in 'stark') is acceptable in some
situations, such as when discussing modules of the STARK source code.

The Sail name should be written with an uppercase 'S'. Again,
all-lowercase is acceptable in some situations.

Do not use these names in plural or possessive forms. Prefer to use
them as adjectives.


If you create a modified version of STARK or any associated software;
you must not use any of the STARK names or trademarks in its code,
documentation, or promotional material; except when limited to a
truthful and descriptive reference, which must not include logos.

If you include such a reference, you must include with equal
prominence a statement that you and your modified version are not
officially associated with the STARK project.

Your version must be clearly marked as different, including by using
dissimilar names and marks.
